= with_statement

This simple gem implements a Kernel#with method much like Python's
with statement.

Simple usage:

    with expression do |resource|
      # ... interact with resource ...
    end

The expression must return a context manager. A context manager is an
object which implements two methods: +acquire+ and +release+. When
Kernel#with receives the context manager it calls its +acquire+ method
and grab the result. Then it yields the result to the block. When the
block returns, the context manager send the +release+ message to the
context manager.

Kernel#with by itself does not attempt to run +acquire+ or +release+
atomically; the context manager should ensure that if required.

Since 0.2.0 release you can put several context managers in a single
with sentence:

    with exp1, exp2 do |r1, r2|
      # do something with the acquired resources
    end

That sentence it's semantically equivalent to:

    with exp1 do |r1|
      with exp2 do |r2|
        # do something with the acquired resources
      end
    end

The general syntax for the Kernel#with method is:

    with(*managers){|*resources|
      #code
    }

If any of the context managers fails to enter (acquire), the block is
never executed and any previous acquired resource is released.

=== Non context managers

As of version 0.3.0, with allows non-context managers to be passed as
arguments. This is make with an idiomatic substitution for Object#tap.

    with 12 + 98 do |result|
      puts result
    end

== Contributing to with_statement

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been
  implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet

* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't
  requested it and/or contributed it

* Fork the project

* Start a feature/bugfix branch

* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution

* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it
  in a future version unintentionally.

* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If
  you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that
  is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick
  around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010, 2011 Manuel Vázquez Acosta. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

